der vienna poachers
shoot birds hibernating on
coast of the Caspian Sea
it is at the time when the bird hunting season
closed fight with violators
the inspector is hard at lacking people and
technicians have to ask for help
to the police and ministry
about who is still shooting from white
swans will tell Patimat Guzeeva
a lone flock in the sky circling in search
eating in winter is especially difficult not to find
only hunger and cold are terrible to birds
most of all they have to fear
people case in the manual course with to
this site repeatedly
we made the protocol ourselves here she
it is on this site that 7 is compiled
general protocol
in Odessa region this year we
made up after the new year our
workers somewhere twenty two protocol
feathery hunting season close
January this year but violators of the law
not written they shoot not only here the window
and in the swans birds listed in the red
book of red book birds during
frost we meet this swan
pelicans are found but this year and
which is surprising even a flamingo which
fly away october september even
had to lead individuals with 30 pieces
flamingo from the Caspian coast of the world
path for the migration of birds for one only
the autumn-winter season flies south from here
over 10 million feathered 3 million in
this year, it remains to spend the winter on the coast
for various reasons winter depends on
this year, the winter frost came sharply all
lakes and ponds
they are covered with ice and the birds are forced
was migrating further but nonetheless
when warming, it comes back
so how exactly for diving skirts is it
the place where she eats shell and raids
to detain poachers Dubensky
district inspectors conduct jointly with
by the police and the ministry of environment in
lonely arrest violators
impossible yes and dangerous refuse
give documents are threatened repeatedly
you will call the police yourself
outfit just throws the weapon in the car
threaten but when it happens that together
we leave when one happens it turns out
checking out caused normal eyes
decent people even who live here
beside
that will go shooting come here
five or six people hard without workers
well if the physical situation with
illegal hunt has already reached the point of absurdity
here on the Caspian coast come
whole
they behave so recognized
inspectors like come to hunt
own scare a lot of cars and
now and while we were standing here 20
40 minutes about 40 cars arrived 40
graves take here one not back
comes to win because they are in person
they know us, but if I’m alone here
had this school been shot and when did we
here is a group of natural world they are afraid of you
ludine at the floor and not win women
you pretend as if everyone has
them weapons now check outputs to
underwork increase here u not everything in
the trunk is
cabin gun hunting season birds
will start in April or May only
limit yourself to shooting feathered to
this time none of the poachers and not
tries and for many of them tasty and
rare game on the table has long been
more important than nature itself thank you
Bayram Ramazan lobster though gas
lobster during the news
Derbent district